README.md, before:

# Cool-Tech

- Cool-Tech is an open-source project made in Discord.py and anyone can use the code, more info can be found in the LICENSE file

## LICENSE WARNING
- Please Make sure to follow the LICENSE (Apache-2.0 License).
- More info the the LICENSE can be found in the [LICENSE](https://github.com/Sengolda/Cool-Tech/blob/main/LICENSE) file

## Found A Bug 


- If you find a bug please make sure to go to the Issues tab and report it.

#### How To Contribute

### If you wanna contribute please follow the steps below:

##### 1 Fork the repo
##### 2 Make changes to it in your own repo anyway you want..
##### 3 Submit a pull request


# What to do before reporting

##### 1 Try and see if you can change the code, that way you might get a chance of contributing
##### 2 Make sure if you made changes to the code and there is a bug with that, that is not our fault


## how to run it
- please cd to the correct folder and run this:
```py
python3.9 main.py
```
- if this does not work it is probaly because you have a diffence python version, so please replace the 3.9 with your python version

- then it will ask you to put your bot's TOKEN please put your bot's token
- if you have any issues please make sure to report them.

Commit message:

Added how to install the modules

README.md, after:

# Cool-Tech

- Cool-Tech is an open-source project made in Discord.py and anyone can use the code, more info can be found in the LICENSE file

## LICENSE WARNING
- Please Make sure to follow the LICENSE (Apache-2.0 License).
- More info the the LICENSE can be found in the [LICENSE](https://github.com/Sengolda/Cool-Tech/blob/main/LICENSE) file

## Found A Bug 


- If you find a bug please make sure to go to the Issues tab and report it.

#### How To Contribute

### If you wanna contribute please follow the steps below:

- 1 Fork the repo
- 2 Make changes to it in your own repo anyway you want..
- 3 Submit a pull request


# What to do before reporting

##### 1 Try and see if you can change the code, that way you might get a chance of contributing
##### 2 Make sure if you made changes to the code and there is a bug with that, that is not our fault


## how to run it
- please cd to the correct folder and run this:
```py
python3.9 main.py
```
- if this does not work it is probaly because you have a diffence python version, so please replace the 3.9 with your python version

- then it will ask you to put your bot's TOKEN please put your bot's token
- if you have any issues please make sure to report them.


#### How to install the modules
- You can use the code on terminal below (Make sure your in the correct folder)

```sh
python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```
